Digital construction project management software.
Prevent delays. Avoid cost overruns.
Powerplay is a one-stop construction management solution to get better visibility and control over your tasks, materials, attendance and bills.
All-in-one construction management app for construction developers, contractors, project managers, vendors and all other stakeholders.

Powerplay is bridging the gap between site and office teams while smoothly transferring information, avoiding project delays, cost overruns and project failures.

7,00,000+ projects managed
$6Mn worth of materials handled
7000+ POs and GRNs created
500k+ App downloads
4.5/5 ratings on stores
Available in 8 languages - English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu, Tamil, Oriya, Bengali and Malayalam

Don’t rely on Excel and Whatsapp; use Powerplay to:

- Track Labour attendance
- Manage Multiple Projects
- Monitor material inventory, requests, and deliveries
- Track task progress, assign tasks to different members and raise issues
- Generate automated Daily/Weekly progress reports in just a click
- Project updates, site reporting, and photos from site to office in real-time.

Who is it for?
- Construction Business Owners and Organisations
- Contractors/Subcontractors/Vendors
- Project managers
- Site engineers/supervisors

Business Owners and Organisations
The ultimate tool for construction business to get better visibility and control over projects effortlessly using our mobile and web platforms.

Contractors/Subcontractors/Vendors
Collaborate with vendors and contractors on our construction app for better visibility over wages and material bills.

Project managers
Empowers project managers(PMs) with simple modules to keep track progress and simultaneously provide regular updates to owners and clients - hassle-free with Powerplay.

Site engineers/supervisors

The perfect partner for site engineers and supervisors to avoid issues/blockades and carry out project progress smoothly and on time.

When the entire team uses Powerplay, communication and collaboration becomes simple and transparent. You get to track real-time project margins and be notified of delays so that you can take timely action.

What do we provide?

- Project, task progress and issues tracking
- Material management with bills, GRNs and POs
- Accurate vendor and labour attendance with payables

Project and task progress tracking
Monitor daily task progress using the task module whenever your team updates progress. Regularly track task status, requirements and issues leading to delays.

Material management with bills, GRNs and POs
Keep track of material consumption, requests and bills with our material module. Get material updates regularly with Purchase Orders(POs) and Goods Received Notes (GRNs).

Accurate vendor/labour attendance and payables
Get error-free labour and vendor attendance reports digitally, along with their wages and payables. Approve vendor payables and labour wages from the mobile app itself.

Other features -

Reports - Your office team can generate Daily project reports(DPRs) and your site team can generate Daily labour reports(DLRs) in just a few clicks from their mobile devices.

Site Plan - Keep track of Current, Upcoming and Past tasks with every minute detail accessible with just a click.

Drive - Access all your construction project documents, uploaded into your project drive on our app—no more hectic processes with endless calls to access your project information.

Get Powerplay now.